README.md, before:

# Sodalite for Obsidian

## About

This is the relatively opinionated Sodalite theme for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/). Inspired by in part some Windows 10 and 11 design ideas (Fluent, Mica). The theme only supports dark mode, as of v0.1.

Tested with Obsidian v0.12.15.

![Sodalite for Obsidian](./screenshot.png)

I've made several other useful snippets and tidbits, these are available at my obsidian-toolkit repo: https://github.com/tomzorz/obsidian-toolkit

## Relatively Opinionated?

### Unusual title formatting

As Obsidian prominently features the note title in a separate title-bar outside of the document itself, this theme scales that title up to H1 size.

### Unusual status bar placement

To save on the typically limited vertical screen space, the theme moves the status bar into the right side of the title bar.

## Installation

In Obsidian, navigate to **Settings > Appearance > Themes** - you should be able to find it in the list there.

Alternatively, download the `sodalite.css` file to you vault's `.obsidian/themes` folder and select it under **Settings > Appearance**.

## Changelog

**v0.5.0**

- Added styling for button hover state
- Added stying for tooltips
- Added styling for notices
- Consolidated the active style for vertical-tabs with the file listing
- Fixed some mobile issues (middle area button paddings, graph controls positioning)

**v0.4.0**

- Added styling for the prompt
- Added styling for buttons
- Fixed graph line colors

**v0.3.0**

- Added styling for modals
- Fixed various issues on mobiles

**v0.2.0**

- Added support for the Sliding Panes plugin

**v0.1.3**

- Fixed the graph controls first option being hidden if the graph was open in the middle

**v0.1.2**

- Styled right-click menu.
- Fixed status-bar covering up the back-fwd buttons
- Status bar automatically disappears when window is less than 1200px wide

**v0.1.1**

- Fixed css filename for the community listing.

**v0.1**

- Initial release.

Commit message:

adjusted popups, made selection colors better

README.md, after:

# Sodalite for Obsidian

## About

This is the relatively opinionated Sodalite theme for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/). Inspired by in part some Windows 10 and 11 design ideas (Fluent, Mica). The theme only supports dark mode, as of v0.1.

Tested with Obsidian v0.12.15.

![Sodalite for Obsidian](./screenshot.png)

I've made several other useful snippets and tidbits, these are available at my obsidian-toolkit repo: https://github.com/tomzorz/obsidian-toolkit

## Relatively Opinionated?

### Unusual title formatting

As Obsidian prominently features the note title in a separate title-bar outside of the document itself, this theme scales that title up to H1 size.

### Unusual status bar placement

To save on the typically limited vertical screen space, the theme moves the status bar into the right side of the title bar.

## Installation

In Obsidian, navigate to **Settings > Appearance > Themes** - you should be able to find it in the list there.

Alternatively, download the `sodalite.css` file to you vault's `.obsidian/themes` folder and select it under **Settings > Appearance**.

## Changelog

**v0.5.1**

- Adjusted suggestion container styling to match other popups
- Fixed selected text styling to be more visible
- Matched edit mode tag colors to preview mode tag colors

**v0.5.0**

- Added styling for button hover state
- Added stying for tooltips
- Added styling for notices
- Consolidated the active style for vertical-tabs with the file listing
- Fixed some mobile issues (middle area button paddings, graph controls positioning)

**v0.4.0**

- Added styling for the prompt
- Added styling for buttons
- Fixed graph line colors

**v0.3.0**

- Added styling for modals
- Fixed various issues on mobiles

**v0.2.0**

- Added support for the Sliding Panes plugin

**v0.1.3**

- Fixed the graph controls first option being hidden if the graph was open in the middle

**v0.1.2**

- Styled right-click menu.
- Fixed status-bar covering up the back-fwd buttons
- Status bar automatically disappears when window is less than 1200px wide

**v0.1.1**

- Fixed css filename for the community listing.

**v0.1**

- Initial release.
